WIP: Electron startup performance measurement script (#23)
eclipsesource/theia: scripts/performance/README.md

# Performance measurements

> This directory contains script that measure the start-up performance of the Theia front-end in both the browser and the Electron examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains scripts that measure the start-up performance of the Theia frontend in both the browser and the Electron examples.
```
